History of Coca Cola: 1886-1892
Atlanta Beginnings: It was 1886, and in New York Harbour, workers were constructing the Statue of Liberty. Eight hundred miles away, another great American symbol was about to be unveiled.
Like many people who change history, John Pemberton, an Atlanta pharmacist, was inspired by simple curiosity. One afternoon, he stirred up a fragrant, caramel-coloured liquid and, when it was done, he carried it a few doors down to Jacobs' Pharmacy. Here, the mixture was combined with carbonated water and sampled by customers who all agreed - this new drink was something special. So Jacobs' Pharmacy put it on sale for five cents (about 3p) a glass.
Find out more ...

In 1886, John Pemberton, a pharmacist in Atlanta, USA, invented a syrupy drink made from cola nuts and coca leaves and named it "Coca-Cola", which was sold by pharmacies in soda water.Its bookkeeper, Frank Robinson, designed the iconic logo, and after Pemberton's death, businessman Asa Candler purchased the formula and founded The Coca-Cola Company in 1892, beginning systematic promotion and marketing.The company expanded rapidly through a system of bottle licensing and massive advertising campaigns.During World War II, Coca-Cola became part of the culture of the U.S. military, further opening up the international market.After the war, the company accelerated its global presence and launched multiple sub-brands, gradually developing into a global leader in the beverage industry.Today, the Coca-Cola Group operates in more than 200 countries and represents an example of a "global brand".

Sprite
First introduced in 1961, crisp, refreshing, clean-tasting Sprite is now the world's leading lemon and lime flavoured soft drink and is sold in more than 190 different countries.
Sprite Zero, part of our no sugar Zero range, offers the delicious lemon lime taste of Sprite without the sugar or calories. 
Find out more ...

Introduced in 1961 by The Coca-Cola Company, Sprite was created in response to the rising popularity of lemon-lime sodas. Originally developed in Germany under the name “Fanta Klare Zitrone,” Sprite was positioned as a crisp, clear alternative to market leaders like 7 Up. Its fresh taste and bold branding quickly made it a global favorite, especially among younger consumers seeking a caffeine-free refreshment.

Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper's unique, sparkling blend of 23 fruit flavours has been around for well over a century and it's still the same, with that distinctive flavour you just can't quite put your tongue on.
It was created by Texas pharmacist Charles Alderton in 1885. He gave a sample of the first ever batch to Wade Morrison, a local shop owner, and Mr Morrison instantly agreed to stock the drink. The distinctive, bold taste of Dr Pepper has been popular ever since.
Find out more ...

Coca Cola Great Britain 
Founded in 1886 by pharmacist Dr John S Pemberton in Atlanta, Georgia, The Coca‑Cola Company is the world's leading manufacturer, marketer and distributor of non-alcoholic beverage concentrates and syrups, and produces nearly 400 brands. 

Fanta
Fanta is a carbonated beverage introduced by The Coca-Cola Company and first released in 1940 to provide an alternative drink for the German market, which lacked the ingredients for Coca-Cola during the Second World War.Fanta is characterised by its rich fruity flavour, especially orange, and is one of the very popular soft drinks worldwide.Fanta is available in a variety of flavours in markets around the world, most notably Fanta Orange, and a number of fruit juice flavour variants have been introduced, such as Strawberry, Grape and Lemon.